is not rational as opposed to other animals under his control over the
floor that surprise because they are more experienced the course of rational dressing was
promoted by the commission, the objective is to guide workers and
that deal with horses
adonai for animals used in sports or day-to-day field tests.
Instructor was Omar do Faza has an important curriculum within the sector
he said how it is the work we have been working from biomass at the peak
of the municipality
ef
this is the beginning the beginning of everything right
in the staging of the horse cavalcanti
has a weapon
in vain
a good profile hand behavior
Why does he wear the uniform shirt on this shirt from my team that gave the
maximum of himself then
as the main agent of the sport, we want
the one that gives
all of it the difference to great performance and expected performance
so when you work on a traditional dune with violence you
at the same time
but still everything from him to you
when you work from the sea
rational in tomorrow's
grandson non violence patience communication relationship
You make the horse want to help you.
you will have your membership in doing things as a common good
you will exercise leadership on climbing it
and that horse will give the most of it if it has genetic fitness
health nutrition for this is very likely to add to the power
he said that first of all it is necessary to create a relationship of the human being with the
animal I always speak in costs
Effective communication and relationship
and I say that the default in the deep code of ethics and red region
the nature among your herd
How about a wall mounted on a tripod
that confidence
loyalty work they need to trust others to be loyal to one another and
work in groups
and I always talk about love, too, musicians, the fear of what we do
people often find it strange because she and
horse right
but I can tell you love the ana is the feeling and the way you
holds
then my talk in what I like to treat the horse like would like to be treated
Saitama the way you behave with this achievement
that horse
this is to make a set with that horse so that you are
fossil partners
I work in tripoli say he really wants to help
so this way really
you will get everything said to him are the chances of causing good first
impression and this is where the man who will start working with this animal
must have autonomy and security to achieve not that there is a second
chance and you have a good first impression
so when he first entered the choir giving name to the term
to tame
I really want him to trust me so I'll get in there
working on his code of ethics, I need to communicate with him in the
their language without knowing it
to behavior but if nature and psychological
the nightmare that who is thinking of reacting according to what is thinking
not empirical you will not get there doing things without
without having a reason
so I think the main
my goal here is to make people understand why it is
things happen that many have already set up many years ago already know
and often merge the art
indignant with the traditional and sometimes even a little violence
not because not because they are violent and that information came to them
So
know why things happen because that real horse that way
explains why the school in the stretch is a pleasure not because of the pain and that he always
will connect the defunct product preservation and protect
so if you can show that the horse you are not a product only
can be a friend
he is going to call
art
your curiosity
already knows well if he has not forgiven that they want then
natura that he can be a companion
wake up in it so if you're in there who try to hide it
Look around you.
we tried to see an escape route did not find
And I realized that you're not a predator.
he starts to think about it
and relate to you
so that you start to gain confidence in him
if you gain blind trust and loyalty blind loyalty you go
fix it remember
who participated in the course had no doubt is about the use
her balance came from saint elena in search of knowledge to deal with
animals tel
still there is a search
diddy a very technical service
as a high quality full professional provides us with
Last year I missed the opportunity to do this course I stayed
interested in doing
and now presents this opportunity is that I moved the village of Cetelem in
table
this great professional and expands much in the knowledge
because it's not very easy to enter
I got a professional of such a high level that he was worth it
I'm already here, cheering for the next coast on the timeline, doing it again
What did you see that caught your attention so much?
is the intimacy that has with the animal the fall
The internet is only good and bad.
I saw animals very crude future
and here in the ranking
and in a short time he mastered the animal entered animal animal
For his fertile class he understood and years making his companion
This impresses me now I do not even say that it increases the presence of the magician
freedon madri cycle is still know as to the direction in the animals other courses
should be programmed but depend on the availability of the instructor's agenda